Someone is correct so
there is a problem right here.
So, obviously when we get asked
to something has gone wrong.
So, we could debug this which is just
gonna be a lot of fun cuz do we want
to do a debugging session, yes.
Okay, we'll do a debugging session.
So, what I'm gonna do is I'm actually
going to add a fun little print statement
right here.
Debug that is simply going to go for
Where are you get at?
Yeah, jump in here.
I'm gonna yoink.
why didn't you want you?
There we go.
We're gonna do that debug, paste it in.
And every time we do this I'm
gonna go Let out equals this
I'm gonna go console dot o and our console
log out plus equals i points
two current dot value.
Yeah.
Isn't this beautiful?
Console dot log.
Man, these are just the worst ones.
So, the first thing we're gonna do is I'm
just simply going to print everything and
see if I can catch the error
just by looking at it.
I don't really wanna debug these things.
Let's see, what's the test?
Where do you break it
you broke at line six.
All right?
So, if we do this we should be able
to get this that means my append function
is likely the thing that's incorrect
Append jump in here.
What is it?
So, we're gonna go right to here and
we're gonna go just out debug.
I know isn't this great?
So, let's just see what happens right
here cuz I'm pretty sure that's what
the problem is.
Beautiful.
So, let's see, zero points to 5 zero 1.7.
[SOUND] And so that must mean that our
get is totally the wrong thing, isn't it?
>> Someone's saying the private remove?
Private remove?
>> We'll get there cuz we're
breaking at appending.
So, I must have something wrong right
here which I do cuz I am a dummy,
which is I didn't simply just use that.
So, this should hurdle our
first problem right here.
There we go, it was our get at.
Yeah.
I was hoping that it would just work and
I can just like that's right.
All right, so next problem
remove that if we remove one so
this must be where this
whole bug is right here.
So, we're gonna jump in here there's
that beautiful list interface.
Remove at, so we get this node
which is now the correct node.
If it's not this then we do this now
people are saying the remove at.
Okay, chat might have been correct here.
So, if it's zero, we remove everything.
Perfect?
If nodes previous exists, the nodes
previous needs to equal nodes next.
Okay, that makes sense.
We're breaking ourselves
off from this list.
If nodes next exists, the nodes next
Yeah, see I didn't even do the thing,
right?
Nodes next or nodes previous next
needs now jump across to node next.
Nodes next previous needs to
jump across to node previous.
Classic blunder I practically started
the land war in Asia at this point.
So, there we go.
I believe that would be the bug, right?
Everyone agree?
First try.
I knew it was a first try.
I knew it.
All right, there we go.
All right, thank you.
Well, the claps are outstanding
here you can hear him because we're
not supposed to clap.
So, there you go.
That is a doubly linked list.
They're very, very hard to write.
Honestly, it's difficult
due to an exercise of
like minutia is not difficult
because the concepts are hard.
And so, you shouldn't be surprised if you
run into a million of these problems.
If I remember a university we had to do
a bunch of these and it's just like every
time I implemented something like this,
it just always is a headache, right?
You're always just like goodness,
gracious what else is wrong here?
We had to implement a trees and
deleting from trees,
which we're not gonna be doing tomorrow.
But if you do deleting from trees,
it's just the exact same
stuff You need to have.
The parent pointers and
do all this pointer updating.
And there's just a bunch of cases to
it and we'll go over all the cases.
But it's just an exercise in like
how well are you at remembering to
do next dot previous, not just dot next.
Awesome.
All right, I think we're good.
>> With this implementation when
we remove a node we toss it away.
Have you ever had an instance where you
had to keep track of the history of
all the nodes that have been removed?
>> If I've never had an instance
where I've had like a history,
I wouldn't even know quite
what to do with the history.
It feels like a history of the nodes to
be removed would be some sort of wrapping
class, right?
You could do some sort of higher order,
linked lists, right?
Linked lists with history or
something like that,
as opposed to implementing it
directly in a linked list.
Yeah, it'd be interesting.
I can't think of a purpose
off the top of my head.
But that doesn't mean other
than creating an undo.
I assume that's what it's for
is creating some sort of undo.
But that'll be in a sense pushing state,
pushing your app state to a linked
list that you could walk back.
Funny enough,
whenever you bubble up from an HTML event,
it's just using effectively.
In a sense, it's a linked list because as
you traverse your elements to go through
that, you're really just
walking parent pointers,
which really is just like a list.
All right.
And so, it can be treated very,
very similar.
But yeah, that's interesting.
Never thought about an undo,
I've never had the program and undo.
I've always been curious to program and
undo,
but it's one of those curiosities I don't
actually want to do but you could do it.
I don't actually wanna do it.
Because it would just be linked list hell,
right?
It would just be really trying to get
the state and addition and moving through.
And what happens the moment you change but
you've undone twice you create a branch in
your program, so
it's no longer a linked list.
It's a general tree.
You pretty much invent git at that point.
And if you've invented get
that's just a bad bland.
[LAUGH]